In this lesson, I'm going to cover off SSL A.L.S. and something called server name indication.
So with cloud front, we can have an SSL TLS certificate.
We can issue that for us certificate manager if we want to.
If you want to use ACM, the cloud fund certificate must be issued in the US East one.
This is true because cloud phone is a global service for global services.
If you want to issue a certificate using ACM, you always have to use US East one.
The certificate can be Ikm, or it can come from a third party certificate authority as well.
The default cloud for domain name can also be changed using C names.
We saw this in the hands on where you have the option to add in your own custom domain name.
So what about origins?
In this case, we an S3 origin and then a custom origin with a load balancer?
Well, you can SSL secure these as well.
In the case of S3, it already has its own SSL TLS certificate, so you can already connect to S3 using
HTTPS, and that's not something you can change yourself.
We have a custom origin.
You can put your own certificates on or use ICMJE.
So in the case of Albi, you're using ICMJE.
In the case of easy to, you can use a third party certificate authority to generate your certificate.
The origin certificates must be public certificates, that's important to note.
So what happens now is use comes along and issues a request to cloud front.
And this is going to be secured with SSL TLS.
This is known as the view a protocol because this is the protocol between the viewer and cloud front
and the view of protocol policy can control the behavior.
Again, we saw this in the hands on.
You can choose to allow TCP and HD TPS redirects to actually HTTPS or just force HTTPS and drop HTP
connections.
On the back end, you have the origin protocol, so that's where Cloud Front is then talking to the
origin.
Now what about the server name indication?
Well, what this is is it's a method where you're able to have multiple SSL TLS certificates, which
correspond with different domain names running on the same IP address on cloud fronts.
So, for example, we've got my other Domenico and my public domain, not dot com.
These are the domain names that are being used on these certificates.
So the requests that come in will match these domain names.
Normally, you wouldn't be able to run these or one IP address or one listener.
You'd need a separate certificate and a separate listener, which means another IP address and in cloud
front, you have to pay for those IP addresses.
In this case with SNI, you can share a single IP address.
So it's pretty clever.
So this means that a user can now connect to my public domain.
Dot com.
And the request URL includes the domain name, so it's in the header.
And that means that the certificate is going to match the specific domain name cloud front nose, which
certificate to match.
And the same will happen for my other domain boycott, and that one goes to the other certificate.
Note the S9 works with browsers and clients released after 2010.
Otherwise, you need a dedicated IP if you really need to support some super old browsers.